Adds documentation for configuring registry for Nutanix (#63272)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-registry-storage-nutanix.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_vsphere/installing-restricted-networks-vsphere.adoc
// * installing/installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere.adoc
// * installing/installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned.adoc
// * installing/installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned-network-customizations.adoc
// * installing/installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned-customizations.adoc
// * installing/installing_vsphere/installing-restricted-networks-installer-provisioned-vsphere.adoc
// * registry/configuring_registry_storage/configuring-registry-storage-nutanix.adoc

> 

Reviewer: @stevsmit Are these new modules in this PR really included in the listed assemblies?

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-registry-storage-nutanix_{context}"]
= Configuring registry storage for Nutanix

As a cluster administrator, following installation you must configure your registry to use storage.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

> * A cluster on Nutanix. 

Reviewer 2: I made this fragment a complete sentence to be parallel with the other list items.

* You have provisioned persistent storage for your cluster, such as {rh-storage-first}.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
{product-title} supports `ReadWriteOnce` access for image registry storage when you have only one replica. `ReadWriteOnce` access also requires that the registry uses the `Recreate` rollout strategy. To deploy an image registry that supports high availability with two or more replicas, `ReadWriteMany` access is required.
====
+
* You must have 100 Gi capacity.

.Procedure

. To configure your registry to use storage, change the `spec.storage.pvc` in the `configs.imageregistry/cluster` resource.
+
[NOTE]
====

> When using shared storage, review your security settings to prevent outside access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you use shared storage, review your security settings to prevent outside access.
```
From IBM Style [Word Usage](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage):
>To avoid ambiguity, replace _using_ with either _by using_ or _that uses_.

To refer to something using one thing or another is often ambiguous. For example, the sentence _Back up the server using ABC_ might mean _Back up the server by using ABC_ or _Back up the server that uses ABC_. This advice also applies to gerunds other than using. For more information, see the style and grammar tips in the [Global audiences](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm_style/global-audiences.html) topic in IBM Style.

====

. Verify that you do not have a registry pod:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pod -n openshift-image-registry -l docker-registry=default
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
No resourses found in openshift-image-registry namespace
----
+
[NOTE]
=====
If you do have a registry pod in your output, you do not need to continue with this procedure.
=====

. Check the registry configuration:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
storage:
  pvc:
    claim: <1>
----

> <1> Leave the `claim` field blank to allow the automatic creation of an `image-registry-storage` persistent volume claim (PVC). The PVC is generated based on the default storage class. However, be aware that the default storage class might provide ReadWriteOnce (RWO) volumes, such as a RADOS Block Device (RBD), which can cause issues when replicating to more than one replica.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Leave the `claim` field blank to allow the automatic creation of an `image-registry-storage` persistent volume claim (PVC). The PVC is generated based on the default storage class. However, be aware that the default storage class might provide ReadWriteOnce (RWO) volumes, such as a RADOS Block Device (RBD), which can cause issues when you replicate to more than one replica.
```

The phrase "...which can cause issues when replicating to more than one replica" can be clearer. See [Verbs](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs) in IBM Style:
> When you use a verb phrase at the beginning of a sentence with a present participle, such as _creating_, or a past participle, such as _created_, make sure that the verb phrase modifies the correct word. Failure to do so results in a dangling modifier.
